hi everyone i'm james and i'm stephanie
and we're from the fit RV comm and we're
here with a quick look at the 2014
Winnebago trend 23b and take a look at
that awning it is it is large yeah
covers like it goes over the door so
almost the whole length of the coach and
here's some outdoor storage yeah it's
got kind of an interesting plastic bowl
at the bottom with a drain I think it's
like for like an ice chest okay okay so
now the trend is based on the Dodge Ram
Promaster that's a gasoline chassis so
here I am kind of showing the well there
you go there yeah I feel like a fuel
efficient though right I think they're
estimating like 14 to 16 that I'm
pointing a tankless water heater nice
touch
very nice yeah and right above there is
a shower outdoor shower
yeah so now here we are in the cab of
the pro master this is all fairly
standard right nobody really does much
with it there are rules about what you
can do with the cabin right it's cloth
seats and speaking of the seats now
check this out we're finding the seat it
bumps into the dinette behind it and
that's about all you're gonna get for
reclined yeah the dinette seats kind of
interferes yeah and that's it does
swivel - now here's the the main living
area in the galley very clean
contemporary right shiny cabinets I mean
well you guys look like a pullout four
three four drawers and a pull out pantry
right that was nice there was I can't
complain about the storage at all here
there was tons of cabinetry you'll
probably get bored with us opening and
closing drawers and stuff but there
really was a lot and yeah entertainment
center there in the foreground yeah yeah
nice
okay the sink the sink was a double bowl
and in a smaller V like this that's
unusual so it is usually you get we get
one sink right here you get two yeah
and the fixtures were pretty nice and
here we go I think you're gonna show the
propane stove alright and check out that
backsplash - oh yeah isn't that nice
it's a LED light yeah actually all the
lighting in the coach I think was LED
yeah yeah okay the fridge
pretty standard small small freezer
there
I don't know it's a smaller video
freezer space do you need yeah it's more
than ours right oh gosh all right and is
this a convection microwave it was not a
convection microwave is a standard
microwave right oh my gosh look there's
more storage and even more down below I
think there was four drawers below -
look at that very nice all right so
that's the galley um now this is the
main seating area right and those
dinette seats do have seat belts so
their seat belts for 400k and this whole
area converts into a bed one large bet
when lurch burger and there's no the bet
that will come out of the ceiling but
right here I am starting the conversion
process and we didn't have nobody showed
us how to do this so we're kind of a
little lost as we're trying to figure it
out yeah so basically you just kick that
in drive table down and then you slide
your cushions on that will cover somehow
the couch slides over - and they all
meet I show that in a minute okay all
right so as if you needed it there's yet
more storage under the under the dinette
nice yeah I know yeah that's really
great it was actually quite a large
compartment - mm-hmm all right all right
now here I am with the with the sofa on
the other side it pulls out on some like
drawer glides we never did quite figure
out how to make it all in - but I want
to point out something when when I push
pull the sofa back in there there's some
legs on it and there's metal legs yeah
yeah but but then there's a drawer slide
right here I actually scrape my leg on
that when we were filming this and
that's right if you weren't careful you
could rip your pants on that thing I
think they need to tweak the design of
that some yeah okay here's the main bed
is they call this studio loft bed it's
nearly a queen-size man there are
cabinets on the underneath so we had to
stop it there because we didn't we
didn't have the bottom bed made up so
when the couch is is just normal like
that that's as low as the bed's gonna go
for you right it's pretty high up there
but it'll hold my way I'm 185 or so and
it didn't have any trouble with me and
it does come with a ladder right yeah
there was a life
all right so so you don't have to jump
so here we are in the back this is
probably the most impressive area of the
coach I think yeah and very nice dry
bath yeah in something this small to get
this big of a bath right that was pretty
unique yeah so there's a solid surface
seek their storage under the yeah I like
that curved cabinetry so here's the
shower nice and roomy shower and I like
this door so instead of like a glass
door which we know can rattle a lot when
you're going down the road they had this
kind of film roller thing yeah look look
at the Headroom in there yeah that's
nice now your five five five six X fine
shorter than I am a couple other things
that you wouldn't expect on a coach
that's this inexpensive MCD shades as
you just saw and this sit here he did
tanks I didn't believe ya I actually had
to go out and check in yes sure enough
yeah yeah there's a nice detail so
that's gonna wrap up our look at the
2014 Winnebago trend yep and if you
liked it head on down to your local
Winnebago dealer and check it out